Some editorial fixes (#43)
intarchboard/draft-protocol-greasing: draft-edm-protocol-greasing.md

## Use Unpredictable Grease Values

In order to gain the benefits of active use and avoid ossification, grease values

> used in actual packets
> need to be sent in ways that won't become a predictable pattern that receiver and
> middlebox implementations

Reviewer: I guess that having "receiver _and_ middlebox" does cover the cases. Maybe let's just update the wire image aspect.

```suggestion
used in the wire image
need to be sent in ways that won't become a predictable pattern that receiver and
middlebox implementations
```

> middlebox implementations

Reviewer 2: That works for me

> middlebox implementations

Author: I can't understand the term "wire image" so -1 to that.

> used in actual packets
> need to be sent in ways that won't become a predictable pattern that receiver and
> middlebox implementations

Author: It doesn't help without a reference in the document.  E.g., RFC 9019 uses the term "image" for a completely different meaning ('The terms "firmware image", "firmware", and "image" are used in this document and are interchangeable.') and that's what I'm familiar with.

Is there a semantic difference between "used in actual packets" vs "used in the wire image"?  The former is more readable.  Or perhaps:

```suggestion
used in actual packets (i.e., the "wire image" as defined in [RFC8546])
need to be sent in ways that won't become a predictable pattern that receiver and
middlebox implementations
```

> middlebox implementations

Reviewer 2: To be honest, the more I read RFC 8546 the more I think it isn't intended for our protocol participant "receiver" role. So i take my suggestion back (sorry). I don't have much inspiration for a further alternative to the term `packet`
